improve zson types and add zson methods to zng.Type (#1765)
brimsec/zq: zng/docs/zson.md

```
<value> ( <decorator> )
```
where a `<decorator>` is either a type or a type definition.

It is an error for the decorator to be type incompatible with its referenced value.  

> TBD: define precisely the notion of type compatibility

#### 3.2.1 Type Definitions

New type names are created by binding a name to a type with an assignment decorator
of the form
```
<value> (= <identifier> )
```
This creates a new type whose name is given by the identifier and whose
type is equivalent to the type of `<value>`.  This new
type may then be used anywhere a type may appear.  The name
of the type definition
must not be equal to any of the primitive type names.

> A type definition may also appear inside of decorator as in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type definition may also appear inside a decorator as in
```

```

> <identifier> (= <type> )

Reviewer: Is it deliberate that the word "alias" doesn't appear here?

Author: Oops, that's supposed to be
```
<identifier> = ( <type> )
```
And yes I'm intentionally avoiding "alias" in favor of "type name" in the ZSON spec.  I will leave "alias" as the low-level concept in zng that implements user-defined ZSON type names.  Does this seem reasonable?

Reviewer: Yes, it sounds reasonable to me

A map value may be empty.  An empty map value without a type decorator is
presumed to be an empty map of type (`null`, `null`).

#### 3.4.7 Type Value

The type of a type value is `type` while its value is depicted by parenthesizing
its type description (as defined in [Section 3.5](#35-type-syntax).  For example,

> a value of a record with a single field called `t` of type `type` might look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a type value of a record with a single string field called `t` would look
```

> its type description (as defined in [Section 3.5](#35-type-syntax).  For example,

Reviewer: There's a yaml test elsewhere in this PR that has: 
```
  {
      typeof: ({x:int32,s:string}),
      count: 2 (uint64)
  } (=0)
```

When I first read this, trying to find a pattern and knowing that the parenthesized `(uint64)` , my first guess was that `({x:int32,s:string})` was also a type...  but that couldn't be since there was no value.

So I'm wondering what is the motivation for parentheizing type values... is there some syntactical ambiguity?

Anyway, more of a design quetion than code review... so don't let it hold up the PR.

Author: Yes, the zson parser is simpler with type values beginning with open paren as no value begins with that character.  Otherwise, you need deep backtracking to differentiate between 
```
{ foo:int64 }
```
as a type value and 
```
{ foo:10 }
```
as a value.  I also thought using the decorator parens for type value parens unified the look and feel but I see that might be a bit confusing. 

With the open paren here, I think the parser needs just one rune of lookahead throughout but I just started working on the parser and we will see.  If something unexpected comes up, maybe we can revisit this?

like this:
```
{ t: (string) (type) }
```
Since type values have implied types, the `type` type decorator can be omitted:
```
{ t: (string) }
```

> Now supposing we created a second field called `t2` whose type is
> computed by introspecting the type of `t`.  This result is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now suppose we added a second field called `t2` whose type is
computed by introspecting the type of `t`.  The resulting record type value is
```

Reviewer: (I think if I were reading this without knowing about the latest zql, I might now be stuck wondering "what do they mean by "introspecting" here?)

Author: Fair enough, but "type introspection" is a well-known concept from the world of programming languages and compilers.

Reviewer: Totally! I would be intrigued and wondering "how do i introspect this stuff" 🤓
